Day 1 - Monday:
What we did today was first, we were given our entry cards for us to be able to enter at the front door and office. We were then brought to a room where we did briefing on what red hat, get to know interns, gave us our schedule for the week and did an icebreaker where we were put on names on the back and you have to ask 3 questions per person and try to guess who you are. We then met Becky, who gave us the tour around the building. They then assigned us to our desk and supplied us laptops. To pass time, we all played Nintendo switch and played the game Mario race and I conclude that I am really bad at doing games. We then have our lunch for an hour and then proceeded to the workshop of Agile by Sir Fortune. He talked to us about what agile and agility is and how important it is for you to have this kind of skill and ability. We were then grouped to create a villain kind of Mr potato and before assembling it, my group mates and I planned on who's going to get what. It was really good because it helped us communicate with each other despite just knowing each other that day. We finished early than expected and the whole day was really fun and chill that I enjoyed every bit of it.

Day 2 - Tuesday:
Yesterday, we were told to show up today at 9:30 am at the morning and go to Valentia room. For the next 30 minutes, we started composing our day 1 journal. Interns came and then they started presenting a PowerPoint about using command line. We were talked about what is is, useful commands that you can use, how to do it at the terminal app and visual studio code. We were then introduced to GIT, what is a version control and how to use GIT.  We were told to create a github account for us to be able to complete or do the repository of our Blogs for the week. Each interns keep turns on doing or presenting the powerpoint and each helps us if we have concerns or problems while doing the codes. It was really confusing at first and til the end but we were able to make through it with their help and professionalism. They were very patient to us even we were being annoying on keeping confuse and mistakes. After lunch, they introduced to us microbits which we had experienced before at sun life and as well as banana piano or makey makey. THey let us do whatever we want with the microbits and if we have problems and such, they were able to comply. Before going out, we have to make our blog for the day.

Day 3 - Wednesday:
The first thing I did today was to complete my blog from yesterdays activity. We were then asked to go to a room where we will make a roller coaster with the requirement of having at least 1 loop. We were then grouped into 3 and 4. Our materials consists of straws, tin foil, papers, boxes, tapes, and glue. The first thing we did as a group is do a Kanban board where we listed our to dos, what we are doing, and jobs we've done. We assigned each other jobs to make it easier and less time consuming. The respectful interns did a talk in each between the roller coaster making and they talked about artificial intelligence. I actually listed what they have talked to us but unfortunately I lost the list because of all the mess on the table. Before lunch time came, our roller coaster is still not halfway done and we were still making most of the support and those are 4 straws taped together so that we could create a triangle and square. We decided to have early lunch for today since our minds are stressing and each started attacking each other and food really helped calm each minds. After eating, we bond by playing Mario race on Nintendo switch. Afterwards, we continued making the roller coaster for a few minutes and interns asked us to stop for how many minutes because there will be a talk happening from different red hat people. The talk really helped us because we get to know them more and it was very informative and self-reflective to those people who would like to be in the same industry as them. Both teams are finished in completing the roller coaster and before that, ours was really not going well, the ball did not really go around the loop when we tested it and thought the other team will win because they were really ahead of us since the start but surprisingly, ours won. The whole day was really stressful and fun at the same time as it allows us to do another meaningful work where we communicate and adapt to it throughout.

Day 4 - Thursday:

